Well it it certainly everyone
today we find ourselves for a
video so as you have in the title
of explanation of my absence which has
been to extend and therefore also like
you can see in the title it's due
at one act so I got hacked
but do not manage who I put crews of the
carmine has actually acquired and cons
I had a lot of anger so I'm
quite disgusted that I propose to you is
just videos on it on the beta
and suddenly it's grated 1 g more at all
the account so there will be more than
videos on it in addition doubly stupid
that I am I put all I
had to see finally fiery and it is on this
there because I wanted to resume
a rogue who had on the green 129
so want to propose you proposed
excuse me sophie videos on this
wide disorder already had stick to stop
it was just missing the exo peace to buy
she's too done I had everything so
knowing that I was going to sales was him
I had finally found a buyer for 60
million I made myself acbr fair
before so it's grated I really
really nothing not to low ofi
that I decided to do was to
So resume the windows steamer so
the 129
except that it will undergo a small call 150
so thanks to windows
so it's a very good friend so
we share the steamer because ben
that's what he also there is nothing
and so we managed to save a
panels is renting me a breakdown to the wolf
which is very good throws as if like
you can already see just the boots
which gives eight crazy fixed narratives
push the 9% to the 1st and that gives no
of land penalty so that's really
cool
it's a city ​​root and a breakdown at
wolf rover finally not any widgets
over vita but I'm going green all that
we already in any case that I have two
perfect on the resistant this was the
base so that's it
for that they miss the ring that
I will try to have an exo peace found
it flat chains
our future she will not me for me
spend some huts and janot p apm
plus there it's just a panels for
for the xp of the click 129 so here is in
Waiting for that, I'll introduce you
so videos but not on the beta no
more because good on the habitat seen that
I made myself ac before the ride 2.14
after forgiveness the 2.4 I always so
look out for him so I'll be able to
rebuild on the beta I think this is
So there shall be no worry for I
this beta anyway and the next
beta I hope you represent some of
videos on this steamer so that risk
to be nice enough it's going to be that
going to be a super personal usa crowd me
rent but on ofi I think there is
what to do on 6 with dokou trophies
etc. I think frankly there Healy
is way is a way
here we are so ben natan du job the
steamer and that I make myself calm
older people were presenting videos of
presentation of this work so
I hope you will enjoy playing
the more your anger I will introduce you
so all stages of other anger
so from a to z everything I had
the least useless one even the fun I
everything presented to you so that's it
will be the next two themes
next videos so on this I you
lets and Algerians introduce you but
really nothing ah yes but just a
last thing so I do not play anymore with
his way so
before I shared my contact headlights
or mixed share with windows finally
at least just that one if not he faro
is confused and everything so we know we
stopped sharing our accounts so we
took over what we had to take back
except that I got hacked on your
anger after if you want videos
with an iob I always have series that
glue my problem is it is
healthier 29th 'the 130 so for vpc
galley then true that I'm showing 150 and
but hey I'm really not too much
motivated to a jewel right now that's got me a
a little bit disgusted to do acquired in
anger because I could not recover
the tale as you say that the worst
still limit I could have recovered
but there they were certified not even
my name is so it was impossible to
retrieve it
good brief of course this people I you
say bah stay active because
videos there will come back worry
not and she did not hesitate to leave a
small live as usual a small
comment and see to subscribe if
it's not already done on this door
you well at la rochelle at the next
I love everyone